com.forgotMyMobile.BackgroundService
com.forgotMyMobile.BackgroundService: BackgroundService()
com.forgotMyMobile.BootupListener
com.forgotMyMobile.BootupListener: BootupListener()
com.forgotMyMobile.MainActivity
com.forgotMyMobile.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.forgotMyMobile.SmsReceiver
com.forgotMyMobile.SmsReceiver: SmsReceiver()
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$color: int grey
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$color: int text_color
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$drawable: int bg_tile
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$drawable: int call_icon
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$drawable: int mobile
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$drawable: int relax_chair
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$drawable: int tile
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$drawable: int title
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$id: int MainLayout
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$id: int passcode
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$id: int passcodeLbl
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$id: int savePreferences
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$id: int title
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$layout: int main
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$string: int app_name
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$string: int enableAutoFwd
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$string: int enableAutoFwdHint
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$string: int no
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$string: int passcode
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$string: int passcodeHint
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$string: int savePreferences
com.mymobile.forgotmymobile.R$string: int yes
